>>And now world-renowned
spirit medium James Van Praagh.
>> JAMES VAN PRAAGH: Hey.
How are you?
Hi, everyone.
Hi.
Thank you for being here.
And thank you also
for being here.
Welcome to "Spirit
Talk," where I take you
one step closer to heaven.
And every experience
is brand new,
so I never know what's
going to happen,
I never know what to expect,
and that's why I do this show.
Because I think in life
always expect the unexpected.
Yeah?
So I thought today we
would talk about miracles.
I really think that people have
to understand miracles more.
And I think if they did, they
would realize that miracles are
part of our everyday
life, and we
can have miracles in our life
if we just work with that energy
and we come to
that awareness, we
come to that sense
of mindfulness, yes?
So how many people here
in the studio audience
have experienced miracles
in some way or another?
You have, you have, you have.
Great.
We all have, yes?
But do we acknowledge them?
Yes?
Sometimes we don't
acknowledge them,
because we won't
have to-- they'll
be right there in
front of us, and we
know this is-- a
miracle has happened.
But I think miracles can
happen in little ways.
I think in subtle ways
they happen as well.
I think what a
miracle is is really
confirmation of the divine.
Yeah?
I really believe it's
confirmation of the divine,
and I think a miracle
happens every single day.
Within the body, the
cells change and die off
and grow and reproduce.
And I think as we look
around us and every day
we experience a brand new
day, I think that's a miracle.
I think it's just God
showing God's self.
Yeah?
And I think that we are
all that God energy.
And I think we could have
miracles and miracles are
a part of our
everyday existence,
as long as we take the time to
be mindful about who we are,
that we are spirit, first
and foremost, having
this physical experience.
And I do believe-- whether
you believe this or not,
and that's fine, because I just
really channel, if you will,
or give information out, and I
just send it out to the ethers
to people there and
to you people here.
And if you take this
information into your hearts
and it sounds right, it resonate
as truth within your being,
then I say keep it.
And if it doesn't, throw it out.
You're not ready for
that yet, or it's
a different way of
looking at things.
And I love that.
Because if you do that,
you can always learn.
You're always opening to
learning different things,
learning from
everybody on your path.
Every day miracles come to
you in all different ways.
You might meet
somebody and they say
something which
resonates something
within you, which makes you
to behave a certain way,
to cause an action to happen.
And these how
miracles get started.
If you want more
miracles in your life,
I think you really have to align
yourself with your divineness.
When you align yourself with
your truth of who you truly
are and you align
yourself with that
and you don't get caught
up in the result of it,
you don't get caught up
in the expectation of it,
you just in a way
just are and just are
open to whatever
you receive, then
I think you give
miracles a place
to grow and to live, to
expand, and to experience them.
Does that sound good?
[AUDIENCE REPLYING
AFFIRMATIVELY]
>> VAN PRAAGH: Yeah.
I really do believe that.
I do believe when
we're open to it,
the universe always says
yes, that God force,
which we are all
that divine energy.
And I do believe, and
I know everyone here
and everyone there
that's watching this,
you've had those miracles.
You've had that
energy of the divine
in your life presenting itself.
So I just want you all to
be prepared for miracles,
big or small, and just
be open to the experience
of in your life, in your own
lifetime you leave here today
when you stop watching this,
be open to how the universe,
how miracles are going
to present themselves.
They might not come to you
and say, hi, I'm a miracle.
Little things, it's those
little subtle things
that make all the difference.
Yeah?
[AUDIENCE REPLYING
AFFIRMATIVELY]
>> VAN PRAAGH: Good.
And I'm going to tell
you something, too,
that I think it's very important
that everybody realize,
that because we're all energy
and that we are interacting
with people every
day on our path,
I do believe that nobody
comes upon your path that's
not meant to be.
I don't believe in accidents.
I really don't.
I believe in divine
intervention.
So when we're in alignment
with the divine energy,
we're experiencing what
we're supposed to experience.
You have to remember that we
are all souls down here having
this human experience, and this
is our schoolroom down here.
We come back, and we
learn many, many lessons.
And some of those lessons
aren't easy lessons.
Some of those
classes that we take
are very hard ones
because we want to grow.
We want to grow spiritually.
So I know people
in this audience
have had situations with
their families, right?
Difficult things.
Families are the hardest.
The hardest lessons
a lot of times
are families because
they're right with you.
They force you to
behave a certain way.
choose how you're
going to react to
a situation, yeah?
I tell people all the time
that you have no control.
Now some people are starting
to freak out when I say that.
You have no control.
You can't control other people.
You can't control situations.
Isn't that right?
Yes.
But what you can
control is how you
respond, how you
react to other people.
So you can't control
how they're going to be
or what they're going to say
or what they're going to do,
but you certainly
are in control of how
is that going to sit with you.
Will I take that in?
Do I get it on an
emotional level?
Am I fast to judge?
Which is fear-based.
Judgment is fear-based.
Or do I step back,
take a breath,
and say, see it for what it is?
How am I going to
respond to this?
I think if you just
stop, take a breath,
step back, and become very
objective in how you're
going to respond, is this
for your highest good?
Is this in alignment with
my divine self, my reaction?
Because you must remember
that you are responsible,
as a spirit being
here on this Earth,
you're responsible for
your thoughts, your words,
and your deeds.
Everyone.
So you as a miracle of
life and this human life,
I think that we have to have
the responsibility that what
we give out with the
mouth, with the thoughts,
with our bodies, the
language that we have
to be responsible for what
we're sending out to the Earth,
to other people in our space.
When you pass over,
your time is done here,
we go to the other side of life.
We go to the spiritual world,
the other dimension, the higher
realms.
One of the first
things that we do
is we look back at our lives,
and we see all the good things
we did, the bad things we did,
the indifferent things we did,
and we have to try
to forgive ourselves.
Hello.
There is no God that says,
you go there, you go there,
you go there.
We are our own judge and jury.
Many people think, well,
my family was this way
and they made me this way.
No.
You take responsibility for
what you do in your life.
So when you pass over and
you have this life review
and you see your whole
life flash before you,
you'll see all the little things
that you did in your life,
the things that made an effect
on other people, those little
miracles you created
for other people
or those miracles you did
not create for other people.
Yeah?
And then you got to look
at yourself and say, wow,
I should have done that better.
I wish I'd passed that test when
I was in the school of Earth.
So as you're here today and
as you're watching this,
just be mindful that one
day when the time comes,
when you go back home
to spirit, you're
going to look at
your life and you're
going to have to judge yourself.
Do you want to judge yourself
and have a wonderful experience
here and look back at your life,
wow, I really did a great job,
I made such a difference
in that world,
I did the best I
could possibly do?
Or do you want to look
back and say, wow, darn,
I was so judgmental,
oh, I shouldn't
have done that, so
limiting in my mind,
why didn't I open myself up?
So as you're here today
and you're watching this,
guess what?
Time to change.
So right now I'm giving you
back your responsibility
for your thoughts, your
words, and your deeds.
So we're going to
go now and I just
want to move along here because
we have so much to do today.
And I would like to do a
little exercise with you.
Yes?
And this exercise
is really cool.
It's really, really cool.
And you can do this
at home, of course.
This is a great exercise.
And I just want you to know that
all around you, this atmosphere
that you've created
around you, there's
a lovely, wonderful
atmosphere all around you.
Some people refer
to it as the aura.
Well, I'm going to say,
yes, it is the aura,
but then there's some.
There's like a little
world around you
in your atmosphere,
which is really
created by your thoughts, yeah?
Because thoughts are energy.
So you create this
lovely energy around you
or not a lovely energy around
you by what you think, yeah?
So the energy around
you, that atmosphere
can grow and expand based upon
how much love you give out.
Love is the grower.
Love is God.
God is love.
And with that
energy of love, you
expand, you expand, you expand.
Fear, you close on in.
Fear is limiting.
Love is expansive, right?
So all around you
in this atmosphere,
this lovely atmosphere is
beautiful lights and colors
from your thoughts, your
experiences in life,
your goals in the future.
It's all around you.
So in the spirit
world, which are
right behind you and
around you, they actually
share the space
with you many times.
And how many people here
have been driving their car,
and they think of a loved
one that passed over?
All of you.
OK.
And I'm sure all of you at home.
That's because the spirit
is sitting right next to you
and they're sending
into your atmosphere
an image of themselves, a
feeling about themselves.
So you will pick up their
energy, because they're
walking right into
your atmosphere.
Yeah?
Pretty cool.
So you don't really need
a medium, necessarily,
to connect with
them, because you
connect with them all the time.
Your conscious mind
might not be aware of it,
but they definitely share
the space that we're in.
Yes?
So I'm going to do a
little exercise with you.
And what I want to do is I want
you to experience, if you will,
the spirit world coming so,
so close to you, so very,
very close to you
that you actually
will share this
space with the spirit
and be able to let them use you
in a way that they become you,
you become them, and you blend.
Does that sound cool?
We're up for that?
It's a really great exercise.
You're going to love this.
So we're going to
close our eyes,
and I'm going to play some
music behind my voice.
So like a little
meditation type of thing.
It's more of a focus exercise.
It's a little journey exercise.
OK?
Great.
[MEDITATION MUSIC PLAYING]
>> VAN PRAAGH: So all I want
you to do is just give yourself
and your mind, I want you to
put out just that thought that
I'm going to give myself
this time to be with myself.
We worry so much about the past.
The past has already happened.
Not much we can do about that.
And we'll just close our eyes.
Just close your
eyes and just listen
to the music behind my voice.
Listen to my voice
as I guide you.
Yeah?
And I just want you in
your mind, just become
aware of the body.
Very good.
Become aware of that beautiful
heart of yours pumping
to the music.
Great.
Perfect.
That's perfect, yes.
Great.
Just be mindful of the body.
Be aware of the
feet on the floor.
Feel the energy of who you are
going right down to the floor,
the feet on the
floor, and your legs,
the lower part of your back,
your midsection and your chest,
your upper back and shoulders,
your neck and your head,
your arms, just so you can
be mindful of who you are.
Great.
Lovely.
Feel the loveliness that is you.
Feel the joy that is you.
Feel that connectedness
to spirit,
the oneness to the
universe which is you.
Fabulous.
Great.
And as you think
that, the energy
in the atmosphere all
around you changes.
It all changes and blends.
So now as you sit
there in that space,
I would like for you to send out
a thought to the spirit world.
Send out a thought
to the spirit world.
And we ask, dear spirit friends,
come close to us right now.
Dear spirit friends,
there is light within me
that shares a light within you.
Whoever is meant to be, to
come close to my atmosphere,
to stand so very close
to me, to be part of me,
I welcome you now to
come so close to me,
you stand right behind me
and you place your hands
upon my shoulders and
just step so close.
And whoever comes in,
just let them come in.
You don't control it.
You just open up
the space for who's
ever meant to come through.
Who's ever meant to come
by, let them do that.
For we sit for the highest
good of the spirit world.
Very good.
And take a deep breath.
[INHALES AUDIBLY] And exhale.
[EXHALES AUDIBLY] Great.
Another deep breath.
[INHALES AUDIBLY] And exhale.
[EXHALES AUDIBLY] And just one
more time, a lovely new breath.
[INHALES AUDIBLY] And exhale.
[EXHALES AUDIBLY] Good.
And we ask that spirit now,
just open up your mind,
open up your heart, and let them
just come very close to you,
so close to you they
step into your space.
And let your arms
because their arms.
Let your shoulders
become their shoulders.
Let your legs become their
legs, your feet their feet,
your neck and your head
their neck and head.
Your eyes become their eyes.
And just let them move into that
space and just becomes them,
become one, and let them
blend, blend with you.
We are all one.
And just let them, as if they're
sitting right through you
and you feel them.
You might feel their bodies.
You might think of things
you've never thought
of before, because now
it's their thoughts.
You might see things
you've never seen before,
because it's their visions.
And just sit with that for a few
moments and just be with that.
How wonderful it is that they
share this space with you,
that you give them this
opportunity for you
to experience them
one more time,
let them experience a
physicality one more time.
Wonderful.
Beautiful.
And as you do this, I can see
physically you're changing.
I see physically they
come so close to you
that your physicalness
is so different.
I see with each person
here in the audience
as you surrender,
surrender and release.
Very good.
And thank them and bless them.
Dear friends, we thank
you and we bless you
for coming into this space
and sharing the space.
And now in your
mind, ask them now,
as you thank them with
gratitude, to step back now
behind you, once again
to step out of your space
and go behind you.
As they put their arms
back on your shoulders
and they step out of
your space and just
come back to your
own self, feeling
your feet on the
floor, your legs,
your backs in the chairs,
your shoulders, and your arms,
your neck and your head.
And take a deep breath back
to the body and inhale.
[INHALES AUDIBLY] And exhale.
[EXHALES AUDIBLY] And inhale.
[EXHALES AUDIBLY] And one more
time, fully back into the body,
and inhale.
[INHALES AUDIBLY] And exhale.
[EXHALES AUDIBLY] Good.
And slowly open up your
eyes and be as one.
Well, can I just say you
guys did a great job.
You did a great, great job.
I was watching you
very, very carefully,
and I was very, very
aware of the atmosphere.
And I'm hearing from
spirit already--
and I'm going to cry because
I'm feeling emotional
because I know a lot of
you were hit by that.
Oh-- that miracles happen now.
Miracles just happen.
They just said
miracles just happen.
So I saw your changes.
I saw the colors change
in a lot of people.
And once you surrendered,
the atmosphere grew,
and I saw a lot.
So I just want to
share with you-- see,
now I'm getting
emotional because I'm
picking up your emotion.
We're all connected, so
it's all this oneness.
So let's see what
miracles happened.
OK.
Oh!
So I first want to
come here with you
because I want to
know what happened.
And if you don't
mind standing up,
my dear, and sharing
with everybody here--
and everybody at
home will see this
as well-- what your
experience was.
And here's a microphone.
Because you had a deep, deep
experience, and it was amazing.
It was if I'm watching a TV
and the scene is changing,
and it's like the colors and the
furniture in the room changes,
and it's like this whole thing.
And once you opened up and
let them in, it was like wow.
So tell us what
happened for you.
>> AUDIENCE: It
was just beautiful.
I just felt their energy.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And who was
it that came through for you?
>> AUDIENCE: Two
particular people.
>> VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Was one a man?
Was it dad or
something like this?
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: I
felt it so strong.
What did you
experience from him?
Because I got to connect with
him in a second, because he
was just standing
right behind you.
When I said stand
behind somebody
and put your hands on
the shoulders, I saw him.
And I knew it was a
father, and he was saying,
I got to get through to her.
So tell me what you experienced.
>> AUDIENCE: Pure love.
I could just see red, and
my heart was resonating,
and it was beautiful.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Did you feel
something from, let's say,
first your dad that you had
never felt before with him?
>> AUDIENCE:
Forgiveness, I think.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Forgiveness.
>> AUDIENCE: Mm hmm.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Top of
the line, forgiveness.
It's right there.
Wow.
And what did he tell you?
Did he tell you anything
that you remember?
>> AUDIENCE: That
he's just with me.
>> VAN PRAAGH: He's with you.
>> AUDIENCE: He's
always with us.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And who
else came through for you?
>> AUDIENCE: My brother-in-law.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Your
brother-in-law.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: OK.
OK.
Very different energy.
>> AUDIENCE: I know
they're together.
Yes, very much.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Very
different energy.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
There was also a
lady behind you.
So she might not have come
through into the body with you,
but she was standing right here.
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And I know that
she would have somehow had
a connection with your father.
So I'm not sure if it's a mother
of his or a sister of his,
but I know that she
was right there.
So maybe she'll come
in when we start.
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
>> VAN PRAAGH: But I
just want to give a--
>> AUDIENCE: Excellent.
>> VAN PRAAGH: May I start to
do my message from your father?
>> AUDIENCE: I would love it.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Good,
because I need to.
Because he's right
here, and he's really
strongly coming in here.
And I gotta ask you also--
go on, go on, go on.
He's very funny, and he's
making these crack-up jokes,
and he has a very
dry sense of humor,
and he's laughing
about nose hairs.
Now don't ask me why, but
he's talking about nose hairs.
So there must have been some
joke or some goofy thing
about nose hairs.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH:
What is that about?
>> AUDIENCE: I don't know.
>> VAN PRAAGH: It's so weird,
but he's like, the nose hairs,
and there's a joke about it.
This is what he's talking about.
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
>> VAN PRAAGH: I got you.
Thank you very much.
Now let's talk
about your mother.
Is your mother still alive here?
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Uh-huh.
Because he's talking
about mom so strongly,
and he wants-- right.
OK.
He's so strong, your dad.
He wants her to know
that he's with her,
and why would she
doubt him playing
with the lights around her?
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Because he said I
recently was there playing with
the lights with her.
OK?
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And I know that
she either got her hair redone
or was talking about
getting her hair changed.
>> AUDIENCE: Oh my god, yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: You
understand that?
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Because he just said,
I was just with her
when she was talking about it.
And I know that she
wants to go away,
but she never takes
time for herself.
She never gets out and
does things on her own.
You know that.
>> AUDIENCE: Very true.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And I want you
to know that I don't necessarily
believe in life after death.
When I was living,
I'm very pragmatic.
I'm very black and white, this
sort of thing was your dad.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And he's
very, very aware now.
And I need to tell you
thank you for letting
him know about life after death.
>> AUDIENCE: Oh, good.
>> VAN PRAAGH: OK?
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And he
said, I'm not in pain here.
He's not in pain here.
He said, I was in pain
at the end of my life,
and I'm not in any pain here.
You understand that.
He didn't want to lose his mind.
He didn't want to lose that.
He didn't want to go
through losing the mind.
Do you understand?
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And he has
nothing like that anymore.
So when you think of him,
think of him as healthy.
I understand that.
I got you, dad.
I know, dad.
I know.
He's so funny.
He said like this--
[EXHALES AUDIBLY]
And he said you have referred
to him if he's in heaven,
he's playing golf.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
And with others that
have crossed over too.
I often say they're
golfing together.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Oh, he just
gave me this image of fore.
And I really got
to tell you, I know
there's a white hat he's showing
me, like a white cap hat.
>> AUDIENCE: I know I have one--
>> VAN PRAAGH: You have one.
>> AUDIENCE: --in my closet.
>> VAN PRAAGH: So that's it.
He's giving me, and
it's in a closet,
and I'm very happy about that.
I know there's a photograph
with him golfing.
I know there's a
photograph of not only him
but other people
with him golfing.
And it's like after we
finished a round of golf,
we all went to the
clubhouse and had a picture.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Do
you understand that?
>> AUDIENCE: Yes, I do.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Now I love
Arnold Palmer, he's telling me.
Why, I don't know.
But he's talking
about Arnold Palmer,
so I'm not sure if there's a
photo he had of Arnold Palmer,
that he liked Arnold Palmer,
or he drinks the Arnold Palmer.
I don't know why, but
he's giving Arnold Palmer.
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
>> VAN PRAAGH: I
understand that.
Got it, got it, got
it, got it, got it.
I can't get the brother-in-law
in very strongly,
but I want you to know that
he's around your sister.
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Who
grew up Catholic?
>> AUDIENCE: Everybody
in my family.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Fine, perfect.
Because I see Catholic.
And I get from the man,
I'm reaching my mind
to get him around,
and I'm getting
told-- because he's not sure
about this sort of thing.
Just because we come here
today doesn't necessarily
mean that they're going
to jump right in and talk.
They've got to be sure about it.
Now that's why I used
you with the blend
with them, because I think
it helps them to open up.
It helps you to open up.
And I understand that.
Got it, got it.
He sits on the bed with her.
And I've got to
tell you right now
and then I'm going
to move on, he's
thinking about the computer.
So she did something on
the computer for him.
There was either a
memorial on that computer,
she created a page for him, and
she put his photograph on that,
and there were all these
sayings that people wrote in.
And there was a beautiful
heart, something with a heart.
I don't know if the heart
had little flowers around it,
but it's on that page.
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Would
you understand this?
>> AUDIENCE: I would, yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Yes.
Thank you very much.
And that's acknowledgement
for you and for your sister.
And please know that he
sees her with his ring
all the time, the ring.
And she can't get
rid of that ring.
She's holding that ring.
I'm not sure where is the
ring, but she has that ring
so strongly, and he sees that.
So I got to leave
you with that, OK?
>> AUDIENCE: Thank you so much.
>> VAN PRAAGH: That's a lot.
OK.
You're very welcome.
>> AUDIENCE: I'm
so very grateful.
>> VAN PRAAGH:
You're very welcome.
>> AUDIENCE: Can
I give you a hug?
>> VAN PRAAGH: Yes,
you can give me a hug.
Of course you can.
>> AUDIENCE: Thank you so much.
>> VAN PRAAGH:
You're very welcome.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you, sweetheart.
Well, it's your energy too, so
I just want to tell you that.
So thank you.
And because of that,
it helps other people,
too, here that are working.
I want to come over
here, and I just
want to ask someone else over
here what they experienced.
Was there something
very profound when
we did the blending,
the exercise?
Did anybody else have something
happen that was unusual?
Like this lady right there that
I'm staring at, that I know
you did because your
energy was like [SINGS].
And as I'm reading
this young lady here,
your energy started
going [EXHALES AUDIBLY].
So can we get the
microphone right there?
And would you stand, honey?
>> AUDIENCE: Actually, it
felt like they just rushed
in, and then all of my I
guess aches and pains--
>> VAN PRAAGH: Gone.
>> AUDIENCE: Gone.
I was like, woah.
Because I was noticing as
you were moving up the body,
I was like, woah.
That usually is a little sore.
It's not sore.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Not anymore.
It's where we place our minds.
>> AUDIENCE: So that let me
know that they were with me.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And did you pick
up anyone that actually used
the body that came into your
space that you could recognize?
>> AUDIENCE: My great-grandma.
>> VAN PRAAGH:
Your great-grandma.
Did she help to raise you?
OK.
And did you remember that you
would make things with her?
You understand that.
And can I just bring her
through for you, please?
Would that be all right?
And what is your name?
>> AUDIENCE: It's Tana.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Tana.
So Tana, you opened
up the door to her.
And also there's many
sisters in the spirit world.
So she said she has many sisters
on the other side of life.
I would tell you, there must
have been two or three sisters
that she would have on
the other side of life.
Do you understand that?
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Great.
Great.
Then thank you.
I thank your response.
I love that yes.
That's great, because
of the energy.
But she's not the
only one over there.
Because I got to tell you
that she's right there,
you picked up.
Now that's a vibration
you picked up,
but I'm going to pick up
someone else along with her.
I got to tell you
that did she or do
you have some kind of
a glass collection,
like figurines from glass?
>> AUDIENCE: Mm hmm.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Is
that you or her?
>> AUDIENCE: I do.
>> VAN PRAAGH: You do.
Thank you.
Do you have a bird, a little
bird, a glass bird, please?
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Yes.
So you understand a glass bird.
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Because for some
reason when I look at that bird
I feel just connected
and I think of her.
I don't know if it's
like a bluebird.
>> AUDIENCE: It has glass
blue swirls colors in it.
>> VAN PRAAGH: There
you go. [LAUGHS]
>> AUDIENCE: [LAUGHS]
>> VAN PRAAGH: Yay!
>> AUDIENCE: That's so funny.
>> VAN PRAAGH: It's great.
And it's the little
things that you pick up.
It's the remnants of things
that really mean a lot.
>> AUDIENCE: It's wonderful.
>> VAN PRAAGH: I just got
to tell you, with her,
she watches over
you all the time.
>> AUDIENCE: I know.
>> VAN PRAAGH: The month of May
would mean something, please.
What's the significance
to May, M-A-Y?
>> AUDIENCE: I think
that's when she passed on.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Passed over?
OK.
That's her rebirth anniversary.
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>> VAN PRAAGH: I
know that this lady,
she comes and
she's with sisters.
I gotta tell you.
>> AUDIENCE: She has
a lot of sisters.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Several sisters.
I think three that
I'm seeing here--
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah.
Mm hmm.
>> VAN PRAAGH:
--right next to her.
And they all came together
to watch this happen.
>> AUDIENCE: Really?
>> VAN PRAAGH: They
all came together.
Because when one's
going to a party,
they want to go to a party.
And when you come here
to the studio and,
people that are
watching this, you
want to share it with
friends sometimes,
so you don't come here alone.
They come and share the
experience with you.
If one spirit comes in, they'll
bring family members, they'll
bring other people who might
think, wow, this is strange.
He can talk to us.
He can hear us.
>> AUDIENCE: That's wonderful.
>> VAN PRAAGH: So
that's what happens.
Now would you have known about
yourself doing drawing work,
drawing or artwork,
or when you were
a young girl you wanted
to do that, please?
>> AUDIENCE: I'm
actually an artist.
>> VAN PRAAGH: You're an artist.
Thank you very much.
>> AUDIENCE: I paint.
>> VAN PRAAGH: There you go.
>> AUDIENCE: And
she's in my room.
I know she is.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Oh, yeah.
You think?
You think you do
those things alone?
I don't think so.
>> AUDIENCE: [LAUGHS] I know.
>> VAN PRAAGH: She's helping
you with drawing and doing
the artwork.
I'm very aware that
she's in that room.
You bet she's in that room.
And behind me I see, like, a
bulletin board or something
that you're hanging things up.
>> AUDIENCE: It's
my meditation altar.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And it's in
that same room, correct?
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Great.
So as I'm sitting
there or in that space
that she brings me to,
I know that behind me I
have some illustrations.
I know there's a Buddha,
obviously, meditation, I think.
But I know there's
something else there.
I'm not sure if it's flags or
colored types of illustrations.
>> AUDIENCE: It's my abstract
universal space paintings.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Oh, perfect,
like my stage here.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Yes.
OK.
Good.
So I know that she's
also showing me
that you need to
put your feet up.
Now do you have two
children at all?
Do you have any children at all?
>> AUDIENCE: I have
two stepchildren--
>> VAN PRAAGH: There we go.
>> AUDIENCE: --but I have
three young dogs that--
>> VAN PRAAGH: Nope.
Living humans.
>> AUDIENCE: It's the children.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Yeah.
So those are the two children.
Right.
Good.
So I know that sometimes--
she's giving me a sense
here-- that you're being pulled.
You're being pulled to step
in as the mother figure,
to step in.
And it goes really
against kind of what's
going on with you, yes?
And it's not that you
don't like these kids.
It's fine.
But it's asking a lot for you.
>> AUDIENCE: Mm hmm.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Can
we just say that?
And so I know that you need to
speak to hubby or your partner
about this, and
just you really need
to be honest about
the whole thing.
It's like, you know what?
We have to have balance here.
I can't be pulled in that
direction and that direction.
And I know-- and I don't mean
to be getting into your life.
But I'm nosy, so I will--
I know that there's
a financial thing going on.
>> AUDIENCE: Mm hmm.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And I know
because this lady's telling me
that recently there was
a talk about finances,
and more with one
than the other one.
Because one of them
is very independent
and they can do things, but
the other one is a little bit
like I need a little
help with this.
I need the car payments.
I need the car thing.
I need to get settled.
>> AUDIENCE: That's so funny.
His car engine just broke down,
and he asked his dad for money
to buy a new car.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Hello.
They know.
She knows.
>> AUDIENCE: That's so weird
that she would even be a part
of that.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Well,
you know what it is?
It's actually
something, a scenario,
that's going on around
you in your atmosphere--
>> AUDIENCE: That's wild.
>> VAN PRAAGH: --and she's able
to tell me that information
because she'll use what's
ever in my consciousness,
what's ever in my atmosphere,
and obviously I've given people
money for cars.
And so she will use what she
can light up in my atmosphere
so I can give that
message to you.
And she's just projecting that.
So she's been around
you every day.
She's watching over you.
There's no death.
>> AUDIENCE: She's
a beautiful lady.
>> VAN PRAAGH: They're
always around us.
Beautiful lady.
And I know she
loves fresh flowers,
and I know you like to put the
fresh flowers in that room.
But let me tell you
something, darling.
You need to change those
flowers in that room.
>> AUDIENCE: [LAUGHS]
>> VAN PRAAGH: Because she
said, yeah, they're stinky,
and they water's stinking.
You know, the water stinks
if you go in that room.
You know that, right?
[LAUGHS]
>> AUDIENCE: That's so funny.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Where did you
think you were coming today?
>> AUDIENCE: I try to
be careful with it.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Yeah.
But she just said fresh
flowers are good for you.
>> AUDIENCE: That's good.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And I know
that I like that for you.
Actually, as I'm
standing there with her,
she shows me that if you
look now on the shelf
where these flowers are, it
looks like something fell down,
like a blossom, or
there's something
that fell down in there,
that died and fell down.
>> AUDIENCE: Hmm.
>> VAN PRAAGH: So when
you go home, look and see.
>> AUDIENCE: I will.
>> VAN PRAAGH: She
just told me that.
Maybe it just happened.
OK.
There we go.
>> AUDIENCE: Can she help
me find my wedding ring?
[LAUGHS]
>> VAN PRAAGH: [LAUGHS]
Well, something with you,
you've been going through
old things, she said.
>> AUDIENCE: Mm hmm.
>> VAN PRAAGH: She said you've
been going through old things.
Now I'm not sure if it's
a basement or an attic
or something.
>> AUDIENCE: Everything.
>> VAN PRAAGH: OK.
But I know that you've
been going through stuff.
I know the garage must
have some boxes in there.
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
>> VAN PRAAGH: OK?
There's some place you've
been going through old things,
and that's what she says there.
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
That makes total sense.
I know exactly where to look.
>> VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Good, good.
Well, you'll find it.
I guarantee you're
going to find that.
It's in that house--
>> AUDIENCE: Good.
>> VAN PRAAGH: --that
it's one of those boxes.
I know there's red writing
on the side of the box.
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
>> VAN PRAAGH: So look
for the red writing.
>> AUDIENCE: I will.
>> VAN PRAAGH: I think it
must have been when you moved
or when you got into that space.
All right, darling?
>> AUDIENCE: Thank you so much.
>> VAN PRAAGH:
You're very welcome.
I'll leave you with that.
>> AUDIENCE: That was wonderful.
I appreciate it.
>> VAN PRAAGH: I want to come
to you for just a second.
Now I know you have a
photo with you, don't you?
You mentioned you had a photo.
Can I look at the photo?
And let's try to connect
with spirit that way
and see what miracles
we can come up with.
What is your name, sir?
>> AUDIENCE: Harlen.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Harold?
>> VAN PRAAGH:
Harlen, H-A-R-L-E-N.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes, E-N.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And your dad's
passed over as well, hasn't he?
As we connect, as I
connect into your space--
and now, how I create this,
well, this miracle happens,
this messages, I will
connect into your space--
and immediately, as I do,
behind you is your dad.
Did your dad come through
you in the exercise?
Did you feel your
dad blend with you?
>> AUDIENCE: No, but
I thought about him.
>> VAN PRAAGH: You
thought about him.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Because he
was right in your space.
And I'm going to tell
you that he's a nice guy.
He's a sweet guy.
He feels he was ignorant.
>> AUDIENCE: Me, too.
>> VAN PRAAGH: OK.
And he feels he
didn't know enough
and he came out
of ignorance or he
said things he didn't
mean to say to you.
You understand that?
>> AUDIENCE: Yes, I do.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And I know
there was a marriage thing he
didn't agree with at one time.
I know that, right?
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: That partnership
he did not agree with at one
time, and he's
apologizing for that.
OK?
>> AUDIENCE: Good.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And I need
this space for this miracle
to happen for him to
say I'm sorry to you.
And he's wearing a shirt,
and it's a small plaid shirt.
It's a small plaid shirt,
those little tiny plaids.
He used to love to wear those.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes, he did.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Mm hmm.
Because he shows me that
very, very clearly in my mind.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And so he wanted
you to know that you've got it
all right and that he looks
to you for helping him.
So this is important you know
this and everyone knows this,
that just because someone's
passed into the world of spirit
does not mean they
have all the answers.
They learn many times from us
still down here on the Earth.
And can I just say-- and
I just can't tell you
the amount of love I
feel from your dad--
that he really loves
you, and he was not
able to tell you in the lifetime
but is able to tell you now.
He got you here today.
I know that you didn't
feel connected to your dad
in the lifetime, but I know that
he feels connected to you now.
And he just wants me to
tell you that he's still
a part of your life.
>> AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>> VAN PRAAGH: He wasn't a
part of your life the last five
years of his life.
He wasn't.
You didn't speak
with him, or there
was miscommunication
where you didn't speak.
Do you understand that?
>> AUDIENCE: I do.
>> VAN PRAAGH: OK.
And now he is.
Now he's a major
part of your life.
>> AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>> VAN PRAAGH: OK.
I love him.
And I just want you
to please forgive him,
because he's ready for that.
He's open.
He's not as judgmental.
>> AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>> VAN PRAAGH:
Thank you very much.
OK.
God bless you.
Thank you, everyone.
That was great.
That was very moving.
That was really,
really touching.
So I just want to
tell you, thank you
for making that miracle happen.
Yeah?
Now I'm going to go to
this lady right here.
Would you mind if we
give her the microphone?
Because she's sitting there,
and she's rubbing her belly.
>> AUDIENCE: Sorry,
I'm getting kicked.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And
you're getting kicked?
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: So this
is really, really--
what is your name?
>> AUDIENCE: Carly.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Hi, Carly.
>> AUDIENCE: Hi.
>> VAN PRAAGH: So
Carly's pregnant.
Did you notice that?
Yes.
So I just wanted to share this.
I think it's really,
really interesting.
Because people have asked
me, regarding pregnancy,
am I able to see that
spirit before they
come into the physicality?
>> AUDIENCE: Yes,
I was wondering.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And I knew
you had that question
because I'm psychic.
I knew you were
going to ask me that.
And it's a really,
really interesting one.
The make-up of that
soul, if you will,
the soul make-up, before we
come back onto this Earth
there is what we call a
connection, a meeting,
if you will, with your
guides and your teachers
and your other soul
mates, family members who
you've had other lifetimes with.
Yes?
And you'll sit
before your counsel,
if you will, or
elders, and you will
go through what is the best
situations for my soul's
growth.
What are the options for
me to learn and to grow
and for other soul mates
in my family unit to grow?
So the soul agreement that you
have with that newborn baby,
there's a telepathic
connection that the mother
has with that other soul.
And I know that you have
connected with your baby.
I know that.
Because many times
I will do readings--
and I've done it
on the show here--
where I will connect with
that soul inside the mother
and the conditions that
that soul is feeling
from the mother, and
many, many times--
and I know you'll know this-- as
the baby's in there and forming
they'll have a telepathic
link with the mother.
And all of a sudden
you'll get a thought.
Oh, I better drink more
water, or, oh, I better
take some vitamins.
And all of a sudden it just
comes to you, doesn't it?
>> AUDIENCE: Yes, absolutely.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Absolutely.
Because I know that
that's that telepathic
link with you and the
baby, the new baby.
Because you have
that connection,
you have a soul connection,
so it's part of you, yes?
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And
you're part of that baby.
And the baby wants the best
for you and for itself to grow.
OK?
>> AUDIENCE: Cool.
I hope I'm doing a good job.
>> VAN PRAAGH: You're doing
an outrageously great job.
First baby?
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Fabulous.
You're going to have more.
>> AUDIENCE: Oh.
Are you serious?
>> VAN PRAAGH: Now I know your
back is a little problematic
right now.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
I'm having a really
hard time with my back.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Well, I just see
the energy stuck in the back,
the lower back here.
I know.
I'm psychic, so I can see it.
But I would love
you to get a massage
to just move that
energy a little bit.
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
>> VAN PRAAGH: A gentle massage.
Thank you, the baby says.
And gently, gently.
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Now the baby--
this is very interesting.
Does the soul stay in that
body once the baby's born?
No, it does not.
So the soul of that baby
goes in and out of that body.
Now, for instance,
it usually stays
in the body with you the last
trimester, so seven, eight,
nine months it'll
usually stay in.
It gets used to feeling what
it's like to be in a body,
and many times
it's like, oh, it's
so limiting being in that body.
But the last three months,
they got to kind of stay
in that body.
And then once it's born, they
also go in and out of the body.
And usually the first three,
four months of the birth,
they will go in and out.
They'll go back and forth
into the physical body.
And what is the place?
How do they leave?
The top of the
head, the soft spot.
>> AUDIENCE: Oh, OK.
The soft spot, the last
thing to come together.
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>> VAN PRAAGH: And
that's how they leave.
And believe it or
not, when we pass away
at the end of our lives here,
we leave out of the crown also.
We leave that way.
>> AUDIENCE: Oh, wow.
>> VAN PRAAGH: So this is
the exit and entrance point.
Now isn't that wild?
So I have an exercise for you.
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
>> VAN PRAAGH: So
when you go home,
after you get your massage,
I want you just to sit down
and be quiet, put yourself
into a quiet space,
and start writing down a letter
and let the baby speak to you.
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Let
the baby speak to you,
and just start
writing things down.
You will be shocked.
You will be surprised.
You will be amazed at
what comes through.
I'm gonna cry.
Any time I get this stuff,
when I recognize truth,
it comes, I start crying.
See, you're feeling it too?
Anybody at home, if
you're pregnant, do this.
And what happens is I want
you to write that down,
and you'll feel when to stop.
Then you just fold it up.
Put it away until the baby's 21.
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Happy birthday.
You want to do that?
Good.
Good girl.
You're going to
have a great baby.
>> AUDIENCE: Thanks.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Congratulations.
>> AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>> VAN PRAAGH: Wow.
And that's really
interesting that we
end this show with a
miracle, a birth, yes?
So today's theme is miracles,
and there's a beautiful miracle
that happens every day, birth.
The most amazing miracle,
created out of love, yeah?
Two lights come together.
Chromosome means light.
So light comes together from
two parents and create one.
OK?
So thank you all very,
very much for being here
today, and thank you
very much at home.
And until we meet next
time, may the love and light
of the spirit
world surround you.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, everyone.
Bye.
See you next time.